RK-12818 - Add explanation for uWSGI postfork (#560)
Rookout/docs: docs/python-setup.md

For uWSGI applications, you must enable threads by adding __--enable-threads__ to the command line or __enable-threads = true__ to the uWSGI ini file.  
You can read more about it [here](https://uwsgi-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/WSGIquickstart.html#a-note-on-python-threads).

> 

Reviewer: Let’s make it a separate section- auto fork doesn’t work for uWSGI :)

Reviewer 2: @LiranLast this is under "### uWSGI applications", it seems to me like the right place to put this. what did you have in mind?

Reviewer: True that.

Then let’s update the writing to one cohesive copy :)

> In addition, you must start rook at each worker seperatly. See sample snippet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition, you must start Rookout at each worker separately using the `postfork` decorator. See the sample snippet below.
```
